Congratulations on finishing the data science for wearables course.
We covered a lot in a very short amount of time.
The material in the intro to signal processing lesson alone typically fills textbooks.
Now you have enough practical knowledge with that material that you
can use those techniques to build algorithms from scratch.
We then covered the physics underpinning the sensors that we worked with and
learned about the typical signal characteristics in each of these domains.
This is valuable information that is typically only gained with domain experience.
With this head start, we then went through three case studies
of building real-world algorithms on real data sets.
From activity classification with the IMU sensor to
QRS complex detection and atrial fibrillation on the EKG,
you've gained valuable hands-on experience with
the algorithm design and implementation process.
Now you have enough practical knowledge to apply these skills on your own.
In the final project,
you'll take your knowledge of the PPG and IMU signals and design
an algorithm from scratch using
the signal processing techniques we've learned in this course.
After completing the final project,
you'll have the confidence to study this field on your own.
The journey doesn't stop here.
Download more data sets from PhysioNet,
look for papers that cite these data sets,
and then try to reproduce their results or try exploring
new ideas and new problems and you'll gain depth in this field in no time.